
Present: Samuel, Alex, Genevieve.

Mentor: Damiano Spina

Progress thus far:
- Researched previous submissions and analysed their novelties.
- Explored potential models and architectures, potentially an ensemble method such as Random Forests or Gradient Boosting.
- Explored ways to make models explainable e.g. Lime and SHAP.
- We have also been discussing how to develop the frontend, potential options are flask or shiny app. 

We discovered an interactive interface had already been done, so we are now brainstorming ways to adjust our project plan so it will still be novel, such as:

-  Being able to compare with similar entries both for the same and different predicted label for loan status.

Meeting Minutes:


Start building stuff:

Damiano suggest starting with something that isn't novel and then from their we can come up with the novelty. 

Alex suggest splitting up into groups, some developing some continuing with novelties.

Some other groups have more tangible stuff, however most are at a similar stage.

Do stuff then figure it out.

The quicker we iterate the less risk of not having a feasible solutions. 


In terms of the presentations what do we need?

What they gave is an example what what they expect, but we need to follow the rubric.

We need to make sure we synchronise the problems as the audience doesn't know the solution, explain the problem and what is the gap. Having a demo is the best. We want to show something. After the pitch the stakeholders need to be convinced.

Describe problem,
Pitch idea, 
Demo.


We can start producing things that are already out there and then innovate. 




